Girl, I didn't mean it.
The flame in your hands is you.
Girl, I really didn’t mean it,
Girl. I...
Intentional, wrong person.
This is how you take care of you, you.
I...
War love, my girl, Bai Guan said,
When Bai's relationship goes underground,
Anyone, let him out after three days.
girl, girl, girl,
Girl, girl, God, girl, you...
Girl, you... Girl, you
.. Girl, you... Girl, you
.. Girl, you... Girl, you... Girl, you... Girl, you... Girl, you... Girl, you...
White honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey.
Honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey honey.